Welcome to His Master's Noise - Musicdisk 5 programmed by Mahoney & Kaktus. Enjoy it!
Mahoney & Kaktus send their best wishes to all creatures on this planet!
This musicdisk is a product of Mahoney & Kaktus - NorthStar & HallonSoft!
Thanks must go to all persons involved in this 20 months-project, thank you!
This musicdisk is dedicated to Helene, my girlfriend. I love you ... 
This is the last demo you'll ever see from Mahoney & Kaktus. Enjoy it while you can!
Polhems Getar f}rgyller tillvaron med sin existens! 
Why not type "train" on your keyboard, and try out our bad taste!
There are even more key-codes, all hidden everywhere in this musicdisk.
White-tailed gnus are mainly smaller than average gnus.
Some 100 years ago, the white-tailed gnu was probably the most common of the hoofed animals in the south of Africa.
At the end of the 16th century, man started a wild hunt of gnus.
A white-tailed gnu is in Latin: Connochaepes Gnou.
The normal gnus are called "Connochaepes Taurinus" in Latin
A normal gnu with a white beard is called Connochaepes Taurinus Albojubatus.
The spreading of the gnus is show in the map on page 51.
Now all this gnu-crap is finished, hope you've learned something important!
Soon will some technical stuff about this musicdisk come up here ...
The source-code of this musicdisk is something like 280 kilobytes of memory!
Every tune takes about 5 kilobytes on the disk, including the scrolltext of about 2kb.
When decrunched and calculated, the tune takes 224kb of memory.
Replay goes 4 times per frame, included is programmed waveforms, and loads of special commandos.
The loading routine calculates chords (I made it before Exolon!), mixes, detunes, reverses, distorts, cuts ...
... zeroes, copies, transposes, programmed waveforms, all with pure 32-bit technology.
21 musicians have taken part of the composing, making 101 tunes.
I now have 50 workdisks for this musicdisk, everything backupped.
One and a half year ago, I started the programming of a special Noisetracker-version.
It all ended up in this, and this is really the end of my programming on Amiga.
The equipment I've used for the production: 150 disks, one Amiga 500 with 1mb of ram ...
... no hard-drive, one sampler, one toothbrush, a monitor, a girlfriend ...
... lots of nice phone-calls, lots of nice letters, lots of nice sleepless nights ...
... no Coke, no shit-shit, no dr. Alban, loads of instrumental music ...
But: If I knew what this was going to be a year ago, I would not have started this!
This is our style of a demo, you might recognise it. Many have tried to copy it, but failed.
This is the original: Wierd, ugly, funny, crowded, everything moving, always a new key-code. I like it!
I doesn't look good, but still much funnier than 345 vector-balls in 1 frame.
So, I can understand you won't have the patience to do a demo like this, but please be original.
I still have seen too many filled-vectors these day. Go big or go home. Does the size matter?
Now the ideas will be put in the first place, not a vector-cube!
This is just another useless message, you don't have to read it if you don't want to.
This is the last message here, now it's up to you: Will we have peace on earth some day?
